# Overview of What's Involved in Modern Cryptography
The basis of cryptographic operations are mathematical algorithms.
New mathematical operations are always being developed with different advantages and disadvantages.
These algorithms can be used to perform a range of different cryptographic operations:
  - encryption & decryption
  - signing and signature verification
Often, an algorithm can be used in different ways to perform the same cryptographic operation, for example it could use multiple key lengths.

Often, we compound different algorithms to perform a cryptographic operation, for example plaintext might be encrypted with a symmetric algorithm for efficiency with the key encrypted asymmetrically for security and encoded into the cipher for practicality.

# Structure of This Module
This module serves the purpose of providing clear and easy-to-use cryptography tools to programmers.
It hides away the complexity of hybrid cryptography while still giving the user the choice between different algorithms and hybridisation protocols.

It provides exactly three pairs of functions to the user:
- `encrypt` & `decrypt`
- `sign` & `verify_signature`
- `generate_keys` & `check_private_key`

Each of these functions takes the fundamental cryptographic algorithm family to be used as a parameter.
`encrypt` and `decrypt` can additionally take a configuration string specifying additional algorithms and protocols to be used for hybrid encryption.

## Cryptographic Algorithm Families
In this library, a family of cryptographic algorithms is a collection of different sets of compounded algorithms for performing cryptographic operations that use intercompatible public & private keys because they share the same algorithm for the first layer in their cryptographic stacks.

The operations within a cryptographic family can use all keys generated by the family's generate_keys() function, even if it has the flexibility of receiving user-defined parameters such as variable key length.

# What This Module Doesn't Implement
- key derivation & exchange protocols: these cryptographic procedures require negotiation between the participants, so I haven't implemented this feature so far to keep this API simple and straight forward to use. I may implement them in the future.
- hashing: this module probably should implement that!

